What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git creates a hidden directory named .git, where it stores metadata to track the history of the repository since it
	was initialized. We need to do it to a git repository of an existing directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The working directory is a single checkout of one version of the project. It preserves modifications made to the
	file (that's what I observed).
	The repository (which is the git directory) is where git stores the object database and metadata for the project.
	The staging area stores information about what will go into the next commit.
	Files added to the staging area are included in commits.
	So the staging area offers us an easy way to decide what files we should add in one commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	1. Modify the appropriate files of our project to make a single logical change to our project.
	2. Add only those files to the staging area.
	3. Create a commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping our history organized:
		1. When we want to experiment with our project and test it with a restricted set of users.
		2. Create a new project that is a derivative of a version of our main project.
	Branches help doing this but allowing us to grow our code in different directions without affecting our main
	project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams help us visualize the commits that are included in different branches. We get to know exactly what's
	included in each branch. Diagrams basically combine the log of each branch and make it easier to digest.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches together add newer lines added to the branches compared to the commit where the branches
	separate. It also deletes the lines that are absent in either of the new branches from the commit of diversion. We
	represent it the way we do because git does merge the two branches and updates the label of the currently checked
	out branch to the merged branch, and the merged branch's log has previous commits from both the formerly separate
	branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Pros:
		1. The merged file is truly represented as a merged file in Git's log --graph. So it's better for keeping track
		of the changes made to merged branch.
		2. Two people's work (on different parts of the projects in different branches) may be merged without any
		manual error prone copy-paste work.
		3. They also don't need to be familiar with each other's work for the merge to work.
		4. We're given control in case of conflicting merges.
	Cons:
		1. The devs may need to limit the changes they make to others' work in order to avoid conflicts.
		2. Devs may need to take care of the lines they delete due to some of the assumptions git makes while merging
		branches.
